Guidance to Draft Authors and Implementors on the Use of Randomness
===================================================================

This is the working area for draft-krose-randomness.

Contributing
------------

Although at this point the document is an individual draft, I am considering
all work done here to fall under IETF rules. Consequently, be aware that all
contributions to the specification fall under the "NOTE WELL" terms outlined
below.

1. If you have **editorial** suggestions (i.e., those that do not change the
meaning of the specification), you can either:

  a) Fork this repository and submit a pull request; this is the lowest
  friction way to get editorial changes in.

  b) Submit a new issue to Github, and mention that you believe it is editorial
  in the issue body.

  c) Make comments on individual commits in Github. Note that this feedback is
  processed only with best effort by the editors, so it should only be used for
  quick editorial suggestions or questions.

2. For non-editorial (i.e., **design**) issues, you can also create an issue on
Github.

These recommendations will change when and if this draft is adopted by a
working group.


Building The Draft
------------------

You will need kramdown-rfc2629 (https://github.com/cabo/kramdown-rfc2629)
and xml2rfc (https://xml2rfc.tools.ietf.org/).


NOTE WELL
---------

Any submission to the [IETF](https://www.ietf.org/) intended by the Contributor
for publication as all or part of an IETF Internet-Draft or RFC and any
statement made within the context of an IETF activity is considered an "IETF
Contribution". Such statements include oral statements in IETF sessions, as
well as written and electronic communications made at any time or place, which
are addressed to:

 * The IETF plenary session
 * The IESG, or any member thereof on behalf of the IESG
 * Any IETF mailing list, including the IETF list itself, any working group 
   or design team list, or any other list functioning under IETF auspices
 * Any IETF working group or portion thereof
 * Any Birds of a Feather (BOF) session
 * The IAB or any member thereof on behalf of the IAB
 * The RFC Editor or the Internet-Drafts function

All IETF Contributions are subject to the rules of [RFC
5378](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5378) and [RFC
3979](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3979) (updated by [RFC
4879](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4879)).

Statements made outside of an IETF session, mailing list or other function,
that are clearly not intended to be input to an IETF activity, group or
function, are not IETF Contributions in the context of this notice.

Please consult [RFC 5378](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5378) and [RFC
3979](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3979) for details.

A participant in any IETF activity is deemed to accept all IETF rules of
process, as documented in Best Current Practices RFCs and IESG Statements.

A participant in any IETF activity acknowledges that written, audio and video
records of meetings may be made and may be available to the public.
